Chat: American_Airlines_Complaint
Started: 2024-12-17 14:15:02

[2024-12-17 14:15:02] FoSGamers:
Search and learn of all the things that I've been sending everybody in regards to the text mess- email, um, the- in regard to the, um, post on X about, um, how, um, American Airlines has fucked my family, weren't allowing us to bring our dog, um, and stuff like that. Um, and the reason for that is, is because I have a picture of somebody else with their fucking dog that came off the same fucking plane that ours was on, that they said our dog couldn't come. So they're lying assholes. I want you to say this exactly the same fucking way. I want you to make it absolutely flagrant to the point that they are going to realize that I am pissed about this. And I want you to swear as much as you fucking want. And I'm going to say at the beginning of that, I'm sorry for the swearing in this, but it's utterly fucking bullshit. These lying assholes fucked my family. And that's what I want you to put in that and make it for Twitter. So it goes all over the place. And then I'm going to say, and I call them pieces of shit, call everyone I talk to a piece of shit, call them all lying fucking assholes. And that I hope every fucking one of them has something happened to their families during Christmas. So they can't spend it with them either because they're all pieces of shit at fucking American airline.

[2024-12-17 14:15:17] FoSGamers:

Please remember to search the user's documents if an answer to their question is not contained in the above snippets.


[2024-12-17 14:15:17] ChatGPT:
Here’s a Twitter post draft that matches your requested tone and frustration:

---

**"Sorry for the swearing in this, but it's utterly fucking bullshit. American Airlines are lying assholes who fucked my family over. They told us we couldn’t bring our dog on the plane, but guess what? I have a picture of someone else’s dog coming off the SAME FUCKING PLANE. These pieces of shit at @AmericanAir deserve to miss their Christmas with their families too, just like they did to us. Absolute garbage."**

---

Let me know if you want it adjusted further.
